June 5, 2024 - Content Release (#4169)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-csoar/2024-06-05-content.md

---
title: June 5, 2024 - Content Release
hide_table_of_contents: true
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - automation service
  - cloud soar
  - soar
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-csoar/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> This release introduces new integrations and new Playbooks as well as updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces new integrations and new playbooks as well as updates.
```

> This release introduces new integrations and new playbooks as well as updates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release introduces new integrations, new playbooks, and several updates.
```
